there are various corset lengths and
shapes available from our extensive
corset collection it is important to
ensure the length and shape of your
corset is correct to ensure you have a
comfortable experience of wearing your
corset
firstly to discuss the different lengths
in our corsets are a vobis corsets range
from 14 and a half to 19 inch in length
ylor and divest corsets range from 10
and a half to 13 inch in length if you
are 5 foot 6 and under we recommend
purchasing a corset between 14 and a
half and 15 inches in length for an Ava
burst corset or 10 and a half inches in
length for an under bust corset these
are a standard length corsets they will
fit nicely across the torso and the hip
bone or just below to ensure you have
full movement they should even be
comfortable when sitting down if you are
5 foot 7 and above
we recommend purchasing from our long
lined corsets between 16 and 18 inches
in length for an overbust corset and 13
inch in length for an indoor best
corsets these are our long lined corsets
and are longer in the body to cover the
full length of a longer torso and hips
to ensure full comfortable fit you can
measure to see how these will sit as
everyone's height and torso length may
vary
you could be shorter but have a longer
torso the best way to towel is to
measure you can do this from the
breastbone down where the sweetheart
neckline would sit down the front to see
if this would be too long or from under
the arm where the top of the bra strap
would sits down to the hips this is a
long blind corset on myself I am 5 foot
4 and you'll see how this is too long
this is not comfortable I cannot sit
down and it would be difficult in
wearing clothes under you can see this
would not be suitable for my height and
a shorter lined would sit better on my
hips
here is the shorter lined corset you can
see this sits just on my hips and I can
move freely and comfortably my clothes
fit better underneath to wear with jeans
or skirts you can use our advanced
search to find the exact item you are
looking for or please search the listed
categories I hope this helps you to now
find the correct length corset if you
need further assistance please call our
order line or email and and our customer
services advisors will be more than
happy to help happy shopping